Use 2015 data & remove holdout set (#5)
WayScience/phenotypic_profiling_model: 1.split_data/README.md

# 1. Split Data

In this module, we split the training data into training and testing datasets.

Data is split into subsets in [split_data.ipynb](split_data.ipynb).
The testing dataset is determined by taking a random number of samples (stratified by phenotypic class) from the dataset.
The training dataset is the subset remaining after the testing samples are removed.

> Sample indexes associated with training and testing subsets are stored in [data_split_indexes.tsv](indexes/data_split_indexes.tsv).

Reviewer: What influenced the use of `.tsv` files for certain data over others (noticing `.csv` in other locations of this PR)?

Author: Although we generally try to use `.tsv` for intermediate files, I believe the use of `.csv.gz` originated from `IDR_stream` using a `pycytominer` compile function that outputs in `.csv` format. 

I could change the downloaded data at `0.download_data/data/training_data.csv.gz` to use `.tsv` format to be consistent across this repo. @d33bs @gwaybio Would this change be worth it?

Reviewer: Thanks @roshankern - personal take here is that if it's a common convention I'd say stick to it (without conversions). My thought in asking this question came from a place of readability and effort reduction: using comma-delimited datasets might allow for fewer keystrokes (for instance, using `pd.read_csv` defaults). However, if it comes at the cost of doing something unusual, inconvenient, or less understandable, it likely wouldn't be worth it.

Sample indexes are later used to load subsets from [training_data.csv.gz](../0.download_data/data/training_data.csv.gz).

> ## Step 1: Split Data

Reviewer: While this wasn't a change in this PR, I noticed that the top-level header is roughly equivalent to this one. There may be a quick-win here to add greater specificity or remove this header.

Author: Ahhh good point. Although I think in this case these headers can be repeated to show that it is both the name of module and the action being specifically completed in step 1.

> Use the commands below to create indexes for training and testingdata subsets:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the commands below to create indexes for training and testing data subsets:
```
